# Meeting

#### Meeting Organization

**Chair**: Daniel Popovici

**Minute taker**: Mate Rodic


Mark: Pass


Feedback: The meeting had a chair and a minute taker, chosen before its start.

#### Agenda 

Mark: Very Good


Feedback: The agenda was added to the repository in time, followed the official template and had clear items.

#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker

Mark: Very Good


Feedback: The previous noted are clear and capture the most important agreements. Since no tasks were assigned last week to specific team members, there are no such minutes, but it is very important that this is noted for the next meetings. Additionally, future note takers could consider "merging" the agenda into the notes (writing every action point and decision under the agenda item for which it was discussed). This is not a requirement, but could be useful for the team.


#### Chair performance

Mark: Very Good


Feedback: The chair ensured that all of the topics of the agenda were covered. Everything was covered for an appropriate amount of time, which was acheived by the chair by guiding the coversation, monitoring progress of a discussion point and making decisions based on priorities.

#### Attitude & Relation

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: The team assumed ownership of the meeting, everyone was active and involved in the discussion. All ideas were taken into account in a constructive manner.

#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Sufficient


Feedback: The team presented the current state of their application. There was progress compared to last week - the team has started working on the GUI and the database, and is approximately on track to create a working application before the end of the project. However, no changes were merged into main. Members are strongly recommended to check the code contribution rubric (as well as the provided feedback) in order to better understand what is expected from them.

Note that even though I marked this section as sufficient, for future meetings, this amount of contribution would definitely be marked as insufficient, since not all team members contributed, nothing was merged to main, there was no usage of GitLab for task distribution and so on. But for now, I appreciated both the fact that concrete tasks were assigned using GitLab, and that part of the team had the initiative to do some extra work which could be presented.
