# Code Contributions and Code Reviews

#### Focused Commits


Grade: Very Good

Feedback: 
- The repository has a good amount of commits

- Most commits only affect a small number of files, representing a coherent change to the system

- Most commits are clearly summarized by their title

- Make sure you stick to the commit name convention: use present tense like `74c52d80`, instead of past tense like `a7e7db01` and `22d9d961`.

- Try to avoid having big pieces of commented code like in the commits from `!27`.


#### Isolation

Grade: Excellent

Feedback:
- Individual features have their own branches.

- There are no direct commits on `main` or MR's with a scope that is too large.

#### Reviewability

Grade: Good


Feedback: 
- The focus of each MR is clear from its title.

- However, the description could contain more details: what exactly was changed, what decisions were made, what needs to be completed, etc. For example, MR's `!23`, `!25`, `!27` bring important changes to the application, but have no description. Also, for tests it would be better if you gave an overview of the behaviour you tested for instead of saying you added 'a bunch of tests' (`!29`).

- It would be a good idea to relate the MR's to the issues for which they are (part of) the solution. Bonus points if your issues have a 'definition of done', so that you can compare your expectations of a task and the end result.

- The deviation to `dev` is small, and there are no merge conflicts in the open MR's.

- The vast majority of MR's have a small amount of commits which bring a coherent and cohesive set of changes to the project.


#### Code Reviews

Grade: Insufficient

Feedback: 
- Almost no MR's have reviews, and even those who do are not thoroughly reviewed. From the two instances I saw, there is `!23` where a small detail was pointed out, but the merging was performed without implementing the change. The other is `!32`, with a single LGTM. Having nothing to add to a small contribution where really everything seems to work is okay, but for more complex contributions you should pay more attention. Otherwise you might end up having to build on top of work you don't actually understand.

- There is no actual discussion. The purpose is to have a back and forth of questions and answers, with more team members involved when the discussion is important. Also, the tone should all the time be constructive and goal oriented!

- Reviews should lead to iterative changes in the code.


#### Build Server

Grade: Good

Feedback: 
- There is a good number of builds.

- The average build duration is under 2 minutes.

- It looks like a few MR's are approved even though the pipeline failed (for example in `!20`).

- There are 10+ checkstyle rules.
