
# Week 2


## Formative Assessment


- **Chair**:  Knyazhitskiy, Roman
- **Notetaker**: Popovici, Daniel


#### Meeting Organization


Mark: Pass - There were a chair and a minute taker, chosen before the meeting.


#### Agenda 

Insufficient. The agenda was delivered before the meeting. It followed the provided template, and includes helpful explanations for every item. For the next agenda:
- don't include minutes for before or after the TA meeting in the same document;
- don't leave agenda approval for during the meeting. Every member should have seen the agenda before the meeting and prepared accordingly. If there is something that they wish to add / modify, this should be communicated before, so that the chair has time to adapt to the modifications;
- "Figure out what the Chair and Minute Taker should do" -> for every topic of the meeting, team members should do the required preparations before-hand, such that the conversation flows from what is known to what isn't. Starting a meeting by asking something that could have been read in the provided materials is inefficient;
- Assigning most of the meeting time to one general, vague item creates confusion and poor structure. It is the responsibility of the chair to figure out concrete points of action and estimate results that can be achieved during the meeting, as well as a reasonable time frame for discussing them.

#### Chair performance


Insufficient. The meeting had little structure and was not moderated by the chair. Most of the time was allocated for one item which was almost left aside because no concrete objectives were set for it. After choosing not to follow the agenda, the chair did not try to adhere to another schedule and transformed the meeting into more of a conversation.


#### Minute taker performance

Good. The notes provide a good summary of what has been discussed and decided during the meeting. However, the task distribution and assigned responsibilities for each team members are not recorded. This information will become very important in the upcoming weeks.

#### Relation

Excellent. Speaking distribution was approximately equal, communication flows naturally and everyone's input is taken into consideration.
