# Meeting

#### Meeting Organization

Chair: Mate Rodić
Minute taker: Halil Betmezoğlu

Mark: Pass

Feedback: There were a chair and a note-taker, elected before the start of the meeting.

#### Agenda 

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: The agenda was uploaded before the start of the meeting, it follows the template and every item had expected points to be addressed. For future meetings, it should also include a demo of the state of the application.

#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker

Please refer to docs> feedback > week-02 for the feedback on the performance of the minute-taker of that week.

#### Chair performance

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: The chair ensured that all topics in the agenda were covered. Topics of high priority were covered in depth, and topics of less priority were covered briefly, after which a decision was made about when they should be completed. The important topics were brought up without being brought up by the TA.

#### Attitude & Relation

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: The team assumed ownership of the meeting, they conducted the necessary preparation and supported each other when someone encountered a problem. Everyone was active and involved in the discussion.

#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Insufficient

Feedback: The team did not present the current state of their application and there were no implemented features merged into main. In order for the team to be on track to create a working application, they should consider getting started on the first development tasks.
